hey there I'm Christina Norman leave
gameplay designer for mass effect 2
today we're going to take a look at
gameplay footage of the engineer
engineers are tactical combat
specialists they use their tech powers
to manipulate combat turning difficult
battles into victories one such tactical
power is the combat drone and only the
engineer can summon a combat drone your
combat drone will harass your enemies
knocking them out of cover and drawing
fire away from you
when your drone dies you can sell in a
new one
you can upgrade your drone giving him a
powerful energy blast or turning him
into a deadly bomb engineers are also
master hackers any mechanized opponent
can be hacked
turning a powerful enemy into an ally
with your drone and squad back you up
you can easily outnumber your opponents
Engineers also have access to heavy
hitting attack powers incinerate you can
overload or freeze targets
if you love manipulating your enemies
and winning combat through battle
tactics when you play mass effect 2
you'll want to play the engineer
you